src/pages/about.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: About
description: I’m Stefan Imhoff, a Web UI Engineer from Hamburg, Germany.
backLink: /
---

import { mapping } from "../mdx-components.ts";
export const components = mapping;

I’m _Stefan Imhoff_, a Senior Web UI Engineer from Hamburg, Germany.

I find inspiration in a wide variety of media, from reading challenging and heterodox [books](https://goodreads.com/kogakure) about philosophy, science, and economics to listening to [podcasts](https://raindrop.io/kogakure/podcasts-24118384), watching [TV shows](https://www.themoviedb.org/u/kogakure/favorites/tv) and [movies](https://www.themoviedb.org/u/kogakure/favorites), and indulging in [Korean](https://www.themoviedb.org/list/8216385) and [Japanese](https://www.themoviedb.org/list/106001) dramas on Netflix.

As a passionate enthusiast of storytelling, I am convinced that humans understand the world and find meaning through narratives. This fascination has led me to contribute to the propagation of impactful ideas through my writing. Whether I am crafting [essays](/journal/), [Sketchnotes](/sketchnotes/), or [Haiku](/haiku/), I aim to use the power of storytelling to communicate messages that resonate with readers. I have even written a free [book about Ninja and Ninjutsu](https://www.kogakure.de/en/).

In my spare time, I enjoy exploring nature through activities such as [walking and cycling](https://hamburg.stefanimhoff.de/), and doing [Calisthenics](/calisthenics/). I have a keen appreciation for the beauty of everyday life and find joy in the small things. Whether it’s the peacefulness of a forest, the vastness of the sea, or the grandeur of a mountain, I am constantly inspired by nature’s magnificence. I enjoy both the power of thunderstorms and the warmth of sunny days.

These are the [rules](/life-rules/) I live by.

See what I’m doing [now](/now/).

---

I see myself as a 🔲 [Minimalist](/minimalism/), 🏛️ [Stoic](/interpretation-if/), 🎧 Introvert, 🐍 Libertarian, and ⛩️ Japanophile.

🔲 Minimalism allows me to simplify my life and focus on what truly matters. By owning only what I need and cherish, I am able to reduce clutter, increase my sense of contentment, and live with intention.

🏛️ Stoicism offers me a practical philosophy of life that emphasizes rationality, self-control, and virtue. By focusing on what is within my control and accepting what is not, I can develop a sense of inner peace, resilience, and purpose, even in the face of adversity.

🎧 As an introvert, I have a special relationship with silence. I’ll pretend to be out when someone knocks at my door unannounced (居留守), put on <q>Do Not Disturb</q> the whole day, and don’t answer calls from unknown numbers. With noise-canceling headphones as my trusty companion, I don’t need constant stimulation to be happy. And when it comes to socializing, I prefer quality to quantity.

🐍 Libertarianism is my political philosophy. I believe in the freedom of the individual, the sanctity of private property, and the power of the free market. I am convinced that the best way to improve society is to empower individuals to make their own choices and take responsibility for their actions. I despise authoritarianism, collectivism, and the abuse of power. <q>[Don’t tread on me!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gadsden_flag)</q> 👊

⛩️ I have a deep appreciation for Japanese culture and aesthetics. From the simplicity and elegance of Japanese design to the philosophies of Wabi Sabi, Shibui, or Ikigai, I find myself constantly inspired. I am fascinated by the history of Japan, from the Samurai code of Bushidō to the ancient Shintō religion. I enjoy exploring traditional Japanese arts such as calligraphy and Sumi-e painting, and admire the natural beauty of Japanese gardens and architecture. Not only that, but I’m learning the Japanese language for a while, but I’m not fluent yet. Through my love for Japan, I seek greater meaning in life and cultivate a sense of harmony with the world around me.

Commit message:

feat(about): move colophon page to about and shorten page

src/pages/about.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: About
updated: 2022-01-06
description: I’m Stefan Imhoff, a Web UI Engineer from Hamburg, Germany.
backLink: /
---

import { mapping } from "../mdx-components.ts";
export const components = mapping;

I’m _Stefan Imhoff_, a Senior Web UI Engineer from Hamburg, Germany.

I find inspiration in a wide variety of media, from reading challenging and heterodox [books](https://goodreads.com/kogakure) about philosophy, science, and economics to listening to [podcasts](https://raindrop.io/kogakure/podcasts-24118384), watching [TV shows](https://www.themoviedb.org/u/kogakure/favorites/tv) and [movies](https://www.themoviedb.org/u/kogakure/favorites), and indulging in [Korean](https://www.themoviedb.org/list/8216385) and [Japanese](https://www.themoviedb.org/list/106001) dramas on Netflix.

As a passionate enthusiast of storytelling, I am convinced that humans understand the world and find meaning through narratives. This fascination has led me to contribute to the propagation of impactful ideas through my writing. Whether I am crafting [essays](/journal/), [Sketchnotes](/sketchnotes/), or [Haiku](/haiku/), I aim to use the power of storytelling to communicate messages that resonate with readers. I have even written a free [book about Ninja and Ninjutsu](https://www.kogakure.de/en/).

In my spare time, I enjoy exploring nature through activities such as [walking and cycling](https://hamburg.stefanimhoff.de/), and doing [Calisthenics](/calisthenics/). I have a keen appreciation for the beauty of everyday life and find joy in the small things. Whether it’s the peacefulness of a forest, the vastness of the sea, or the grandeur of a mountain, I am constantly inspired by nature’s magnificence. I enjoy both the power of thunderstorms and the warmth of sunny days.

I see myself as a 🔲 [Minimalist](/tag/minimalism/), 🏛️ [Stoic](/interpretation-if/), 🎧 Introvert, 🐍 Libertarian, and ⛩️ [Japanophile](/tag/japan/).

🧭 These are the [rules, beliefs, and principles](/life-rules/) I live by.

🛠️ These are the [tools](/tools/) I use.

⏳ See what I’m doing [now](/now/).

---

## About the Site

The source code of this website is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/kogakure/website-astro-stefanimhoff.de). You are welcome to learn from the source code and reuse code for your projects. Don’t steal it. Learn from it. Remix. Reuse. Build your own things. 🤘

### Design

- I designed the website myself in [Affinity Designer](https://affinity.serif.com/designer/), using the Japanese art form of _shibui_ (<nobr>渋い</nobr>) as a source of inspiration. To learn more about the process, please read the essays about the [inspiration](/new-website-2020-inspiration/) and [design](/new-website-2020-design/)
- The design uses the variable typeface [Secuela](https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/secuela-variable) by [deFharo](https://github.com/defharo). I use a font scale that is based on the golden ratio, and the font scales automatically to the viewport size
- I created the Bonsai image on my homepage and other cover photos with [Stable Diffusion](https://stability.ai/), [FLUX](https://blackforestlabs.ai/) [ControlNet](https://github.com/lllyasviel/ControlNet), and [Affinity Photo](https://affinity.serif.com/photo/). My portrait photo was generated in Stable Diffusion with a custom model trainied in [DreamBooth](https://dreambooth.github.io/)
- The minimalistic icons are by [Remix Icon](https://remixicon.com/), which is [Jimmy Cheung](https://github.com/xiaochunjimmy) and [Wendy Gao](https://github.com/wendygaoyuan)

### Technology

- The website is built with [Astro](https://astro.build/), the all-in-one web framework
- I write the code in [Neovim](https://neovim.io/), using [GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/features/copilot), and [Raycast AI](https://www.raycast.com/pro).
- The layouts, templates, and components are written in Astro and [React](https://react.dev/)
- My content is written in [MDX](https://mdxjs.com/), which allows using components in the [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/)
- I use [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) for my styling and [tailwindcss-logical](https://stevecochrane.github.io/tailwindcss-logical/) to get logical properties.
- My site search is build with [Pagefind](https://pagefind.app/) using the [Astro-Pagefind](https://github.com/shishkin/astro-pagefind) integration
- I use YouTube Lite, provided by [Astro Embed](https://github.com/astro-community/astro-embed)
- [Astro SEO](https://github.com/jonasmerlin/astro-seo) makes it easy to add the SEO relevant information
- I use [Astro Webmanifest](https://github.com/alextim/astro-lib/tree/main/packages/astro-webmanifest) and [Astro Service Worker](https://github.com/tatethurston/astrojs-service-worker) to optimize the website
- To generate charts, I use [Chart.js](https://www.chartjs.org/), [react-chartjs-2](https://react-chartjs-2.js.org/), and [chartjs-plugin-autocolors](https://github.com/kurkle/chartjs-plugin-autocolors)
- I use [reading-time](https://github.com/ngryman/reading-time) to add the reading time to Remark.
- To parse and format dates I use [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/)
- I use [Plop](https://plopjs.com/) to generate content from templates
- The website is self-hosted with [Coolify](https://coolify.io/)
