src/pages/imprint.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/PageLayout.astro
title: Imprint
description: The imprint of this website.
noindex: true
nofollow: true
backLink: /
---

import { mapping } from "../mdx-components.ts";
export const components = mapping;

### Contact Person

Stefan Imhoff<br />
Walter-Heitmann-Str. 2<br />
22159 Hamburg<br /><><EmailLink data-domain="stefanimhoff" data-name="hey" data-tld="de" text="Contact" /></>

### License

All content has a copyright by _Stefan Imhoff_ unless otherwise stated. You are welcome to learn from the [Source Code](https://github.com/kogakure/website-astro-stefanimhoff.de) and reuse code for your projects.

The essays in my [Journal](/journal/) on this website have a [Creative Commons](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/) license.

To use my design (the unique combination of layout, photos, and illustrations), my private photos, personal data, and my logo, you need written permission for any usage.

In easier words: This is not a free theme. Learn from it. Remix. Reuse. Build your own things.&nbsp;🤘

### Legal Fine Print

Responsible for content by § 10 paragraph 3 MDStV: Stefan Imhoff.

### Liability Notice

Despite careful content control, I don’t take any _liability_ for the content of external links. The content of the linked pages is the sole responsibility of their operators.

If you find a link on my website that links to websites that violate applicable law, please let me know so that I can remove the link.

### Data Protection

I protect your personal data by not collecting any and strictly following data protection laws.

Commit message:

chore: add tracking link for umami

src/pages/imprint.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/PageLayout.astro
title: Imprint
description: The imprint of this website.
noindex: true
nofollow: true
backLink: /
---

import { mapping } from "../mdx-components.ts";
export const components = mapping;

### Contact Person

Stefan Imhoff<br />
Walter-Heitmann-Str. 2<br />
22159 Hamburg<br /><><EmailLink data-domain="stefanimhoff" data-name="hey" data-tld="de" text="Contact" /></>

### License

All content has a copyright by _Stefan Imhoff_ unless otherwise stated. You are welcome to learn from the [Source Code](https://github.com/kogakure/website-astro-stefanimhoff.de) and reuse code for your projects.

The essays in my [Journal](/journal/) on this website have a [Creative Commons](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/) license.

To use my design (the unique combination of layout, photos, and illustrations), my private photos, personal data, and my logo, you need written permission for any usage.

In easier words: This is not a free theme. Learn from it. Remix. Reuse. Build your own things.&nbsp;🤘

### Legal Fine Print

Responsible for content by § 10 paragraph 3 MDStV: Stefan Imhoff.

### Liability Notice

Despite careful content control, I don’t take any _liability_ for the content of external links. The content of the linked pages is the sole responsibility of their operators.

If you find a link on my website that links to websites that violate applicable law, please let me know so that I can remove the link.

### Data Protection

This website uses Umami, an open-source, privacy-focused analytics platform, to collect anonymized data about visitors’ interactions with the site. No personally identifiable information is tracked or stored. This data is only used to understand and improve the website experience, and is never sold or shared with third parties.
