src/pages/now.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/PageLayout.astro
title: Now
description: This is my Now page, listing the things I currently do.
backLink: /
---

import { animation, animationDelay } from "../data/site";
import { mapping } from "../mdx-components.ts";
export const components = mapping;

<div {...animation}>

This is my [Now](https://nownownow.com/) page, an idea by [Derek Silvers](https://sive.rs/) for a website with the focus of <q>what this person is focused on at this point in their life.</q>

</div>

<div {...animationDelay}>

- Building the Design System of XING 👨‍💻
- Working from home 🏡
- Learning Japanese 🇯🇵 and 🇪🇸 Spanish on [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/profile/kogakure) 🦉and with [Anki](https://apps.ankiweb.net/) ⭐
- Learning ink and wash (sketching with ink and watercolor) and posting my art on [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/kogakure.art/) 🖌️
- Learning to tie [knots](https://www.animatedknots.com/) 🪢
- Creating and reviewing highlights with [Readwise](https://readwise.io/i/stefan805) 📝 every day
- Connecting ideas with the [Zettelkasten](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zettelkasten) 🗃️ note-taking method, using [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)
- Always reading at least two or three [books](https://www.goodreads.com/kogakure) 📚 at the same time

</div>

Commit message:

feat: add intro to page layout

src/pages/now.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/PageLayout.astro
title: Now
description: This is my Now page, listing the things I currently do.
intro: This is my Now page, a website with the content of what I am focused on at this point in my life.
backLink: /
---

import { animation, animationDelay } from "../data/site";
import { mapping } from "../mdx-components.ts";
export const components = mapping;

<div {...animation}>

This is my [Now](https://nownownow.com/) page, an idea by [Derek Silvers](https://sive.rs/) for a website with the focus of <q>what this person is focused on at this point in their life.</q>

</div>

<div {...animationDelay}>

- Building the Design System of XING 👨‍💻
- Working from home 🏡
- Learning Japanese 🇯🇵 and 🇪🇸 Spanish on [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/profile/kogakure) 🦉and with [Anki](https://apps.ankiweb.net/) ⭐
- Learning ink and wash (sketching with ink and watercolor) and posting my art on [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/kogakure.art/) 🖌️
- Learning to tie [knots](https://www.animatedknots.com/) 🪢
- Creating and reviewing highlights with [Readwise](https://readwise.io/i/stefan805) 📝 every day
- Connecting ideas with the [Zettelkasten](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zettelkasten) 🗃️ note-taking method, using [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)
- Always reading at least two or three [books](https://www.goodreads.com/kogakure) 📚 at the same time

</div>
