src/content/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings.mdx, before:

---
title: Lord of the Rings
date: 2023-05-24
sort: 270
images:
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/1.jpeg
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/2.jpeg
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/3.jpeg
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/4.jpeg
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/5.jpeg
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/6.jpeg
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/7.jpeg
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/8.jpeg
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/9.jpeg
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/10.jpeg
    aspectRatio: 1
---

After I trained my first [DreamBooth](https://dreambooth.github.io/) diffusion model from photos of me, I wanted to try it out with different styles and topics.

Here I am as different characters from <cite>Lord of the Rings</cite>.

Commit message:

feat: convert all images to WebP

src/content/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings.mdx, after:

---
title: Lord of the Rings
date: 2023-05-24
sort: 270
images:
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/1.webp
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/2.webp
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/3.webp
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/4.webp
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/5.webp
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/6.webp
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/7.webp
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/8.webp
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/9.webp
    aspectRatio: 1
  - src: /assets/images/ai-art/lord-of-the-rings/10.webp
    aspectRatio: 1
---

After I trained my first [DreamBooth](https://dreambooth.github.io/) diffusion model from photos of me, I wanted to try it out with different styles and topics.

Here I am as different characters from <cite>Lord of the Rings</cite>.
